[Music]
there were dragons when I was a boy
where they went
only a few know our story changed the
world forever we did it
the world's first dragon Viking utopia
Julia don't be a baby
mine's lace Claire did it more oh Santa
honey hey bud wait up
oh he's not the only one she's a light
fury oh sorry
did he just disappear
[Music]
Wow
it's a hidden dragon worth
toothless go introduce yourself has a
girlfriend I've hunted every Night Fury
except yours and him over I will never
give him up then I will destroy
everything you love
we are no longer safe here we all have
to disappear completely off the map we
have to fight for their freedom
[Applause]
[Music]
you don't nothing without your dragon
show them what you got
[Music]
save him
it's you and me bud always
[Music]